Added semantic search blog (#1343)
opensearch-project/project-website: _authors/seanzheng.markdown

github: sean-zheng-amazon
---

> **Sean Zheng** is an engineering manager at Amazon Web Services working on OpenSearch, with a focus on machine learning-based plugins, including Anomaly Detection, k-nearest neighbor, and ML Commons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Sean Zheng** is an engineering manager at Amazon Web Services working on OpenSearch, with a focus on machine-learning-based plugins, including Anomaly Detection, k-NN, and ML Commons.
```
